Fix: add GitHub repository collaborators when repository name contains the org name (#2013)
integrations/terraform-provider-github: website/docs/r/repository_collaborator.html.markdown

The following arguments are supported:

* `repository` - (Required) The GitHub repository

> ~> Note: The owner of the repository can be passed as part fo the repository name  e.g. `owner-org-name/repo-name`. If owner is not supplied as part of the repository name, can also be supplied by setting the environment variable `GITHUB_OWNER`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> Note: The owner of the repository can be passed as part of the repository name  e.g. `owner-org-name/repo-name`. If owner is not supplied as part of the repository name, it may also be supplied by setting the environment variable `GITHUB_OWNER`.
```

Author: Thank you @kfcampbell for the suggestion. Suggestion is commited 🙂
